Clarify artifact format usage with spin CLI (#1706)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: reference/artifacts/index.md

  "location": "us-east-1"
}
```

> ### Example for Providing Artifacts with `spin` CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example for providing artifacts with `spin` CLI
```

> When executing pipelines with the `spin` CLI, the `-t, --artifacts-file` option expects a valid json file containing artifact definitions. For example, you can call `spin pipeline execute --application ${APPLICATION} --name ${PIPELINE} --parameter-file ${PARAMETER_FILE_PATH} --artifacts-file ${ARTIFACTS_FILE_PATH}` with the contents of the file at `${ARTIFACTS_FILE_PATH}` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you execute pipelines with the [`spin` CLI](/guides/spin/), the `-t, --artifacts-file` option expects a valid JSON file containing artifact definitions. For example, you can call...

```
`spin pipeline execute --application ${APPLICATION} --name ${PIPELINE} --parameter-file ${PARAMETER_FILE_PATH} --artifacts-file ${ARTIFACTS_FILE_PATH}`
```

...with the contents of the file at `${ARTIFACTS_FILE_PATH}` as follows:
```
